access reviews to v1 - using doc stub generator (#12207)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/accessreviewinstance-batchrecorddecisions.md

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions
Namespace: microsoft.graph

Enables reviewers to review all [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects in batches by using `principalId`, `resourceId`, or neither.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/batchRecordDecisions
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

> In the request body, supply JSON representation of the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of a batchRecordDecision.
```

> The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the properties that you can use to review [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects.
```

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|decision|String|Access decision for the entity being reviewed. Possible values are: `Approve`, `Deny`, `NotReviewed`, `DontKnow`. Required.|
|justification|String|Context of the review provided to admins. Required if **justificationRequiredOnApproval** is `True` on the **accessReviewScheduleDefinition**.|
|principalId|String|If supplied, all the **accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems** with matching **principalId** will be reviewed in this batch. If not supplied, all **principalIds** will be reviewed.|
|resourceId|String|If supplied, all the **accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems** with matching **resourceId** will be reviewed in this batch. If not supplied, all **resourceIds** will be reviewed.|

## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "accessreviewinstance_batchrecorddecisions"
}
-->
``` http

> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/batchRecordDecisions

Reviewer: Real looking id values.
